Feature/warn only crystal version (#496)
crystal-lang/shards: docs/shard.yml.adoc

A restriction to indicate which are the supported crystal versions. This will
usually express a lower and upper-bound constraints (string, recommended)
+
When resolving dependencies, this information is not used. After dependecies

> have been determined shards will check all of them are expected to work with
> the current crystal version. If not, a warning will appear for the ofending
> packages. Yet you are able to keep use the resolved package version at your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been determined shards checks all of them are expected to work with
the current crystal version. If not, a warning appears for the offending
dependencies. The resolved versions are installed and can be used at your 
```

own risk.
+
The valid values are mostly the same as for _dependencies.version_:
+
--
* A version number prefixed by an operator: _<_, _\<=_, _>_, _>=_ or _~>_.
* Just _"*"_ if any version will do (this is the default if unspecified).
* Multiple requirements can be separated by commas.
--
There is a special legacy behavior (its use is discouraged) when just a version
number is used as the value: it works exactly the same as a `>=` check:

> _x.y.z_ will be interpreted as _">= x.y.z"_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_x.y.z_ is interpreted as _">= x.y.z"_
```
